hello my beautiful gamers out there to
your official gamer here bringing you
guys a gameplay commentary and this is
why ops 1 i'm bringing it back so it's
going to be black ops wednesdays and I
did pre-render or pre upload smaller 43
or mod Tuesdays and basically didn't
work out it kind of showed black for
like five minutes and then it's like
showed me talking later on but this is
going to be a short commentaries
probably gonna be like one minute long
so basically this is going to be working
out as I planned it's going to be black
ops wednesdays and i'm just going to be
uploading whenever i feel like it like i
said but i'll be uploading daily summer
but when school starts all probably
twice a day or no not twice a day but i
mean two times in a week because school
is important and yeah that's basically
how it is but hopefully guys do enjoy
this new series and me bringing back the
old call of duties and ya guys i'll let
you guys watch the rest of the game play
and this your official gamer signing off
peace yeah hey everybody my name is you
double their name is PJ Harvey let's go
those losses he told the sagittis say on
repeat like we fixing I can't speak
calling please to the sky but I can't
breathe
the drinking my episode gone 10 News
probably
all these levels of these relative
problems and benevolent elegant solution
what the sales
we're trying to live life while they
signal says left but they're really
going right but who cares they got
nothing to improve upon me while we pass
them fast lane Rubicon the shitstorm
never so just single man
go ahead and we can do
broken other roses need to focus it's
not
this
that
yeah happy st. Patrick's Day everybody
having March Madness help your bracket
still well happy birthday yesterday that
still counts um black history records my
name is sea devil I hope everyone's
doing well if you have a cop the mixtape
Thursday facebook.com slash eat up
hip-hop twitter.com / eat up hip-hop
you